NARRATOR
Continuing their journey
to Shalour City and Ash's
third Gym battle challenge
our heroes seem
to have wandered
into an all‐too‐familiar
situation.
[PANIC]
Catching Pikachu is meant to be!
Inkay, help them agree.
[ATTACK]
You're never gonna
get away with it!
Froakie, I choose you!
[APPEARING]
Froakie, Water Pulse.
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Dodge it.
[DODGING]
‐ I've got just the thing.
‐ Huh?
The future is now,
thanks to science.
Clemontic Gear, on!
‐ Huh?
‐ Clemont, what's that?
Just watch this and you'll see.
Inkay, Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[grunts]
‐ Oh.
‐ Oh, my!
I call it my Mechanical Absorber
of Any Pokémon 's Move.
BONNIE
The name needs work.
Alright, use Tackle.
[TACKLE MOVE]/[FRANTIC]
You see? It works
for physical attacks as well.
Oh, man, science is so amazing!
Okay, Froakie, use Bubble.
[BUBBLE MOVE]
[PAINED]
[growls]
Pumpkaboo, use Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
It's working well.
Dark Pulse, go.
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Use Water Pulse.
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
[PANIC]/[PAINED]
[EXERTION]
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[screaming]
JESSIE/MEOWTH/JAMES
We're blasting off again!
BONNIE
Clemont, you did it.
‐ Your invention is great.
‐ Ha‐ha‐ha!
‐ Hey, Clemont, thanks a lot!
‐ You're welcome!
Although it's
still in the prototype stage
I have a good feeling.. Huh?
[explosion]
[groans]
I guess it's back
to the old drawing board.
[groaning]
We were so close
to catching Pikachu.
"So close" times zero still
equals zero.
It's just not fair!
How do we compete against
an absurd Twerp invention?
Why try to compete
when we can steal?
Ah, utilizing
that move‐absorbing device
would be nice.
But we first need a strategy
and I've got it.
[whispering]
Now, that's what I call a plan.
JAMES
'How do we execute?'
You just have faith
in my acting expertise.
And the rest of it
will be a breeze.
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH "Heroes‐Friends
and Faux Alike!"
MYRON
That's it, Pancham! Great.
JAMES AS ASH
'That's a Pancham, isn't it?'
That's right.
JAMES AS ASH
'Hi, the name's Ash.'
And I came all the way here
from Pallet Town.
Well, I come from here
and I'm Myron.
Hey, Serena and Bonnie,
check it out!
There's a Pancham over here.
JESSIE AS SERENA
'Hi!'
I'm Serena, from Vaniville Town!
I'm Bonnie, from Lumiose City.
This is my cute friend, Dedenne.
[AGREEMENT]
JAMES AS ASH
And this is my partner, Pikachu.
Huh, your Pikachu can float
in the air?
That's from
lots of special training.
Awesome, huh? Right, buddy?
[PROUD]
Huh, I didn't know a Pikachu
sounded like that.
Now, ya do!
So, let's have a battle.
Battle? No way!
I really don't wanna put Pancham
in a battle.
Having a battle's awesome!
So, what do you say?
Okay, Pikachu, use Psybeam.
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[Myron grunts]
Now, how would your Pikachu
know how to use Psybeam?
We train hard. Now, Tackle!
[TACKLE MOVE]
[PAINED]
Pancham! Are you okay?
‐ Stop it already.
‐ Huh..
What a bore having
a battle with a weak Pancham!
We should go before
I fall asleep.
That's too bad.
Ever seen anything so uncute?
[TAUNTING]
I'm gonna tell Officer Jenny!
MAN #1
'Here you go!'
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Bye‐bye!
Hey, you didn't
pay for anything!
That's 'cause
I'm Ash from Pallet Town.
And I'm Serena
from Vaniville Town.
And I'm cute Bonnie
from Lumiose City!
‐ 'Hey! Where's my money?'
‐ 'In our pockets.'
JESSIE AS SERENA
Says Serena from Vaniville Town!
And Ash from Pallet Town!
And Bonnie
from Lumiose City, cute!
The nerve!
How dare they run after
eating and drinking so much?
Finally! We're in town.
PIKACHU
[CALM]
I told Officer Jenny about you!
‐ 'Huh?'
‐ That's weird.
How come your
Pikachu isn't floating
in the air like before?
‐ Huh?
‐ Floating?
I'm really sorry.
I thought you were Ash
from Pallet Town!
‐ Hey, what's going on here?
[CONFUSED]
Now, look, you kids ordered
all that food
and then you ate
every bit of it.
You owe me a lot of money,
you know..
Wait, we just got into town
this minute, sir.
‐ We haven't eaten anything.
‐ He's right.
Hold on, you do seem
different now..
Yeah, I think you made
a mistake.
MAN #1
'Well, I'm sorry.'
NURSE JOY
Everyone's feeling better now.
SERENA/ASH/CLEMONT
Thanks so much, Nurse Joy!
OFFICER JENNY
'Attention, please,
Ash from Pallet Town'
'Serena from Vaniville Town'
'and Bonnie from Lumiose City.'
'Please come to the Pokémon
Center entrance.'
ASH
What for?
‐ 'Huh?'
Ahh, there you are!
It's time for you guys
to pay your bill already.
Hold on! We just got into town.
It's our first time here.
[CONFUSED]
Are you sure these are the ones?
I don't know, they're all
dressed the same.
You're Ash from Pallet Town,
correct?
‐ Right!
‐ And you're Pikachu, right?
[AGREEMENT]
And you're Serena
from Vaniville Town.
‐ Yes, I am.
‐ You?
You must be Bonnie
from Lumiose City.
'And I'll bet Dedenne
must be in your bag..'
[AGREEMENT]
I'd be very interested to hear
what you all have to say.
You might be involved
in some kind of trouble.
ASH
Sure, no problem!
What about me?
Wait for us in the lobby,
we'll call when we're done.
Uhh..
O‐okay.
I'm so confused.
Part one of our plan
is a success.
We've separated
the inventor Twerp
'from the rest of the Twerps.'
'Plus, we got to feed
and refeed our faces.'
'Double prizes!'
That's our Jess,
the most devious mind
on the devious planet.
Now, it's time for part two
to get under way.
‐ Yay!
SERENA/ASH/BONNIE
What?
Fakes? In this town?
Forcing people to battle?
SERENA
Eating and drinking a lot
and then running
without paying?
That's right,
and when they run away
they announce your names
to everybody.
So, I asked you to come here
to see if you knew
what's been going on.
'This photo
is from the restaurant's'
'surveillance camera.'
‐ They do look like us..
‐ Yeah, but why?
We have no idea, but we're
currently investigating.
So, I'm asking you to please be
extra careful
during your stay here.
That's all for now, you can go.
SERENA/ASH/BONNIE
Thanks.
BONNIE
'There are some weird people
in town disguised as us.'
I'm so mad at them, we'll tell
you a lot more when we get back.
See ya.
I wonder why there wasn't anyone
pretending to be my brother.
‐ That's weird.
‐ Yeah, you're right.
It makes no sense to me.
[CONFUSED]
I can't believe how odd
that is.
[JESSIE]
Excuse us.
But are you that brilliant
young inventor, Clemont?
Uh, brilliant? Well..
JAMES
Allow us to introduce ourselves.
You're from the Kalos Institute
of Technology? Oh.
JAMES
We're in the process of building
an important device
but we need your help.
'If we're going to succeed'
'input from a genius like you
is critical!'
‐ Like me?
‐ Of course!
JESSIE
We've heard all about you.
How unique and revolutionary
your inventions are.
People in the know are saying
they're brilliant
and incredibly useful.
JESSIE
Yes, indeed! Brilliant enough
to figuratively blind you.
JAMES
Devices from the future,
works from a Master inventor.
[chuckles]
You're embarrassing me.
JESSIE
Please, Clemont, sir,
work alongside us.
I'll help in any way I can!
'I have an important job to do.'
'So I'll be going out
for a while.'
'Please don't wait for me
to have dinner.'
I'll be back later
this evening. Clemont.
Would you give this to Ash,
please?
Yes, of course.
CLEMONT
'Incredible!'
You've got all sorts
of equipment.
Do you mind if I examine it?
JESSIE
Not at all.
Wow! A complete set of tools.
This is so exciting.
JAMES
Here's what we're working on.
Behold!
Wow! A Heliolisk robot?
Fantastic!
JESSIE
This is as far as we've gotten.
JAMES
We were commissioned to build it
by an organization
dedicated to world peace.
JESSIE
But a cruel, nasty Electric‐type
Pokémon continues
'to sabotage our work'
CLEMONT
'That's not very nice.'
JAMES
And so, we humbly request
that you build us an
electric‐type defensive device.
Hmm..
Electric‐type
defensive device, eh?
‐ 'Well?'
‐ Yes! That will be a breeze.
Joy! We knew we could count
on you!
First off, I'll need to gather a
number of insulating materials.
Let's get started right away.
It will be hard to move if
too much electricity builds up.
So, I'll need to install
a discharge mechanism as well.
JESSIE
You are a true genius, Clemont.
We never would've thought
of that.
[James laughs]
This goes here.
'Then I do this..'
Your Kalos region update?
JESSIE
Sir! We now have two Pokémon.
'Pumpkaboo.'
JAMES
'And Inkay.'
I'm quite happy to hear that.
JESSIE
We're working hard
to increase our firepower
by catching more Pokémon.
And soon, you'll be receiving
even more exciting news from us.
I look forward to that.
We'll do our best,
we simply must.
We'll get Pikachu this time
or bust!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Inkay!
[HAPPY]
Finished, perfect.
‐ Bravo, Clemont.
‐ Excellent effort.
JESSIE
We would be honored if you would
name this for us,
brilliant lad.
Hmm, let's see.
How about the "Electricity Has
No Effect on Me‐a‐Tron?"
‐ Big fail.
‐ Hey, what's that?
JESSIE
Initially, we thought we'd build
a Pokémon transport machine..
But we couldn't get
the thing to work.
JESSIE As the capsule
travels through
the tube, it get stuck.
CLEMONT
Huh, I could see
if I can adjust it.
JESSIE
Really?
Of course, how far do you want
to send the capsule?
JESSIE
One and a half miles or so.
One and a half miles.
If the capsule with a Pokémon
in it weighs this
and if the distance
is one and a half miles
then the necessary output
would have to be..
Alright, I've got it.
It's all done,
now we can seal it
so, we can increase
the pressure.
[grunts]
Adjustment complete!
‐ Bravo, bravissimo, Clemont.
We are humbled by your
greatness.
I can't thank you enough
for all your help.
Glad I could be of service.
Thanks!
Ahh, oh.
Where could Clemont have gone
off to?
CLEMONT
'I'm back!'
‐ Huh?
BONNIE
'Clemont, where have you been?'
A couple of scientists asked me
to help assist them with several
of their machines they were
having a bit of trouble with.
So, what was Officer Jenny
talking about?
Some people are pretending
to be us.
They go around telling
everybody our names.
[ANGRY]
And whoever's pretending
to be me even has a bag
with a Dedenne inside.
[ANNOYED]
Someone's pretending
to be me, too!
Fakes of all three of you?
We have to find out
who they are, quick!
That's right,
I can't take it much longer.
I'm not gonna let them
drag our names
through the mud
like this anymore!
[INDIGNANT]
[James grunting]
Everything's safely buried now.
Tomorrow's going
to be a lot of fun.
[instrumental music]
Come back here! You forgot
to pay for your food.
So? I'm Ash from Pallet Town.
And I'm Serena
from Vaniville Town.
I'm Bonnie from Lumiose City.
Once the Twerps learn
there are copies of them
running around they're going to
want to stop us.
And that's when we lure them
into our trap, it's a snap.
It tickles my cap.
Were there people here
who look like us?
Yeah! And they ate without
paying me anything.
SERENA
Do you know which way they went?
Hmm. They took off over
in that direction.
ASH
Thanks a lot!
[panting]
ASH
'Gotta find those fakes'
[growls]
There!
JAMES AS ASH
Oh, hello.
‐ You're the ones.
‐ Who are you?
Your clothes are awful,
Not like mine at all.
‐ Ta‐da!
‐ Ah! I never say ta‐da!
Ta‐da, ta‐da, ta‐da!
I don't do that ever.
It wasn't easy for me
to dress down
with no class like you do.
What was that?
And I truly detested acting
like a total buffoon.
‐ 'What?'
‐ Right, Pikachu?
[AGREEMENT]
Huh? Huh! Come on,
you're not Pikachu!
PIKACHU/INKAY AS PIKACHU
[ANGRY]/[SCARED]
And you're not even
a little bit cute.
[TAUNTING]
That's a puppet!
Prepare for trouble,
without our disguises.
And make it double,
with no surprises!
To protect the world
from devastation!
To unite all people within
our nation.
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above.
‐ Jessie!
‐ And James!
JESSIE
Team Rocket rips you off
at the speed of light!
JAMES
Surrender now or prepare
for a fraudulent fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Team Rocket!
Why were you pretending
to be us?
Obviously your Twerpish brains
don't work that well
so, we'll tell you.
Team Rocket's future is now
‐ thanks to science.
‐ Team Rocketronic Gear, on!
[growls]
[gasps]
[gasping]
‐ I worked on that robot.
‐ 'You can't unring a bell!
JESSIE
'And you did your work so well.'
No! What have I done?
Thank you
for your brilliant help.
Without your naive assistance,
we'd be lost.
So, they were the scientists
that asked you to go
help them out
with their robot.
JAMES
Right!
And disguising ourselves
as you to separate him
from you was the goal!
And as you can see,
it worked out inventively well.
[growls]
[ANGRY]/[EXERTION]
Today is the day we catch
Pikachu for sure.
With our "Electricity Has
No Effect on Me‐a‐Tron."
‐ That's a bad name.
‐ Yeah, I have to agree.
'You can thank your brilliant
Clemont for that unique name!'
‐ You did it?
‐ No!
The agony! The shame!
One Pikachu, coming up!
[growls]
Dodge. Uh!
Use Thunderbolt.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
MEOWTH
Clemont's idea was pure genius.
With multiple layers
of insulation
the anti electric‐type device
works like a charm.
Ha.. I had no idea
Pikachu was the cruel
'nasty Electric‐type Pokémon.'
Use Electro Ball.
[ELECTOR BALL MOVE]
Hm! Show them how.
[whirring]
[FRANTIC]/[PAINED]
Pikachu!
[STRUGGLING]/[ANGRY]
[SHOCKED]
Whee! Got you!
Now, what?
SERENA
'What's that?'
‐ Our Pokémon transport machine!
‐ Uh..
'You can thank Clemont
for this, too!'
[screaming]
‐ And...go.
‐ No, Pikachu!
[buzzing]
That's not music to my ears.
What's the problem?
The problem is
my big brother made it.
CLEMONT
Everybody, get down!
[screaming]
JESSIE
'The robot went blooey.'
But we have Pikachu.
'Cause our plan worked.
Like it should.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Life is good!
WOBBUFFET
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[grunts]
Pikachu!
‐ Pikachu!
‐ Where did it go?
Clemont, put me in a capsule
and send me off after them.
The capsule was designed
for Pokémon only
and besides, there's just one‐‐
‐ Alright, then..
‐ Ash! It won't work!
‐ 'Wait a minute!'
‐ Huh?
‐ I know what to do.
‐ What are you thinking about?
Serena, I'd like
to use your guidebook.
‐ 'Here.'
‐ Now.
Team Rocket told me
they wanted to transfer
a Pokémon one and a half miles.
So what?
Look, we're here on the map
so, the other end
of the transport machine
'has to be somewhere within'
'this one
and a half mile circle.'
ASH
'I see.'
Bunnelby, come on out!
[APPEARING]
I'd like you to dig a tunnel
and find out which direction
the transport machine
was heading in.
[DRILL MOVE]
[URGENT]
‐ 'That way!'
‐ 'Got it!'
[panting]
Excellent work, Bunnelby!
Lead on!
JESSIE
Well, well, well!
It looks like we've finally
caught you this time!
ASH
'Pikachu!'
‐ Huh?
ASH
That's as far as you go!
How dare you fool me like that?
Give back Pikachu, right now!
‐ Inkay.
‐ Pumpkaboo.
‐ Go!
The future is now,
thanks to science!
Clemontic Gear, on!
Mechanical Absorber of Any
Pokémon 's Move, model two!
Yeah, go get 'em, big brother.
Inkay, Psybeam.
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
Pumpkaboo, Dark Pulse, go!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Science is so amazing!
Use Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
Bunnelby, Double Slap!
[DOUBLE SLAP MOVE]
INKAY [PAINED]
Now, use Mud Shot!
[MUD SHOT MOVE]
[PAINED]
[groans]
No!
No, no, no!
[STRUGGLING]
Are you okay?
[READY]
Great! Use Electro Ball.
[whimpering]
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
[explosion]
The future is not now,
thanks to Twerps!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Alright!
[OVERJOYED]
Thanks a lot, Clemont,
you saved the day.
No. In fact, it was all my fault
for building that robot.
SERENA
But it was Team Rocket's fault!
Come on, you didn't
do anything wrong.
CLEMONT
Really?
Huh?
[explosion]
Oopsie doops.
Are you okay, Clemont?
NARRATOR
Although Clemont was tricked
into helping Team Rocket
with the robots they tried
to use to catch Pikachu
everything worked out
in the end
with the help
of all our heroes!
Now, it's on to
Shalour city once again
as the journey continues!
[theme music]